I believe the legacy in the ancestry of
black Americans is being insulted every
single day I will not pretend to be a
victim in this country I know that that
makes many people on the Left
uncomfortable and Democrats on the House
Judiciary Committee were extremely
uncomfortable as Candice Owens just
slashed at the narratives of the people
like Nadler and Ted Lou in fact when
c-span tweeted out the video of the
confrontation with Lou it racked up four
point four seven million views in less
than 24 hours it's a Twitter record for
that Network joining me now in her first
interview since the explosive hearing is
Candice Owens herself she's the comms
director for Turning Point USA and Leo
Tyrell civil rights attorney but both
sides
represented here tonight Candice why do
you think that your moment and I watched
it from beginning to end has drawn such
attention and what has been the reaction
to you personally since well I think I
drew attention for a lot of reasons I
think in many ways people on the right
felt vindicated and I know that there
are a lot of moderate people that came
over and realized that what I was
talking about were actually real issues
in black America I touched upon the
illiteracy rates seventy-five percent of
black boys in California not being able
to read is a problem in black America
white nationalism when black on black
crime ninety point one percent of all
homicides against black Americans are
performed by other black Americans the
entire hearing in my opinion was a hoax
the continued hoax on black America
which comes to us from Democrats who
want us altum Utley to fail by focusing
on something that is not harming us when
you look at all the other issues that we
are facing now Leo you watched I'm sure
at least part of what Candice said
yesterday your reaction well I just see
right now Candice Owens is giving 15
minutes of fame and just give me 30
seconds that proved my point
she just again assumed that all
Democrats are hoping that black people
felt on her on her interview with c-span
she says that the word nationalism has
been compromised or poisoned by elitist
tell that to the people in Charlotte
ville she didn't try to put herself in
the same category of Donald
I'm talking about the false narrative
but the part that was so insulting
which means promoting your employer and
said that she went to Jerusalem and not
a single Democrat went there missiles
let me tell you 72 percent of Jewish
Americans voted for Democrats so you did
a great job of promoting yourself and
playing the victim and by the way it's
not just black people were not stupid by
what you said Americans were not stupid
because I listened to everything you
just said and I hope you can challenge
what I said about the number of blacks
number of Jews who support Democrats but
you did a good job of marketing yourself
today putting yourself in the same boat
as the president good job Candice for
the record all attacks continue that
leah was a beaut you're attacking her
Sarah Sarah Tosh she's meant she's my to
see what happens
let me speak that wasn't at home an
attack and it's childish and I'm not
gonna play these playground tactics with
you I'm gonna keep the focus on black
America on the things they're actually
impacting us this is not this is an
adult conversation that needs to be had
okay the shootings in Chicago it was
Laura Ingraham who hosted and had a real
conversation with people that were
living in that neighborhood about beings
that are affecting them and ultimately
this is why the blex it movement grows
this is why blacks are eggs and the
Democrat Party because ad hominem
attacks are not making people feel
better about themselves ad hominem
attacks are not going to impact our
financial our financial situation in
black America it's unfortunate because
you consider yourself a civil rights
leader you're just attacking me you're
attacking me you have all right anyone
does anyone more watch does anyone
watching your program honestly believe
what she just said I'll give you a
straight she said
Democratic Party where black people to
fail you Jesse C those are talking
points miss Owens because you know deep
down inside just because you disagree
with the Democrats you cannot assume
that Democrats want black people to fail
that's what you just said on national TV
I did I believe that today I want to
Bax I think a lot of Democrat leaders
are freaking out and tried to kill her
yesterday on that hearing you're free
because they don't want what she is
saying to take hold in other parts of
the black community Leo I honestly
believe that I know Candice and what was
said about her implied was did no
meeting I do and that's why I want to
have a conversation about these
underlying issues that's why we went to
Chicago to do that forum that's why we
want to hear from the neighbors that are
hurting an angle would and the Englewood
neighborhood they're hurting they're
really hurting hurting mostly because of
a black void nationalism that's that's
that's always gonna be a problem
here's my request here's my request
Laura I would like to go to Chicago with
you and debate miss Owens on that issue
I would love to hear people you want to
debate let me speak let me speak I have
not said a single thing attacking your
characters I don't need to I am fitting
my ideas
I am confident in the fact that black
America is waking up and realizing that
we have been missing out I am confident
at the biggest issue facing our
community is weird absence which further
deconstruct everything every Democrat
she she has basically said that every
Democrat the most diverse party of
minorities of people of color she has
just said on national TV over and over
again that the Democrats want black
people to fail miss Owens that still do
your work
I would actually take what Leo said with
with with with a greater sense of belief
and credibility had Leo you said
something similar
every time a Nita Lowey or a you know or
Elijah Cummings just imparts the worst
motives on people who disagree with them
on policy in it and it happens far too
often so the worst motives ever come on
the other side are you a white person
then you have too much white privilege
then you need to put you need to sit
down and let someone else's truth be
heard
I think Leo you have heard the truth out
you got your truth out Candice got her
truth out and I think we do want to have
problem-solving done on both sides we
want problem solving on this show and
that means we have different points of
view Hurd and Leo you can come come to
Chicago Candace we thank you we actually
could roll up our sleeves and get
something done I think if the three of
us actually wanted to do that so
Candace great to be on